11:38: Cleaned up the scraper code somewhat, not really. But I did add
(useless) comments to it. Going to try running it again to make sure I didn't
break it and then I'll do another ten thousand items test again to make damn
sure I didn't break anything.

11:45: First test worked, but now I've noticed something. The developer column
for some games, such as Elden Ring, is empty. Looking at Elden Ring
specifically, it's URL for it's developer contains "curator" instead of
developer. Will test my new code that checks for this and see if there are
more alternate URLs. If I find too many more, I'll switch it to check for the
PUBLISHER first.

11:52: Okay, so first test seems to make this work... Will check on 1000 items
to make sure before doing the big test.

12:02: That seems to have worked, but now some of the publisher columns are
blank... Odd...

12:03: Oh, sometimes the publisher is a curator too... WHYYY

12:14: Changed the code to check the 'subtitle column' divider before getting
the developer/publisher. This either contains developer or publisher so it's a
better check than my silly URL idea. Going to write a function to convert time
and then I'll do a 1000 item check followed by the big one.

12:26: Okay, added a time converter so I don't have to use a website everytime
to check the program time which is always in seconds. Going to do the 1000
item test now and then the big test if there are no issues.

12:37: Did the 1000 item test and some publishers are still blank... Looking
at one of them, there is, of course, no publisher listed. So, if this is the
case, I will have the code put N/A instead of nothing.

12:41: Added code to put N/A if there is no publisher. Let's see how this
goes.

17:27: Had trip to Booths. Took a long while, anyway, the code from before did
not work. Apparently, there is nothing to put in the publisher column, but
whatever that nothing is it isn't whitespace nor is it an empty string? I've
tried to find the games with no publisher, but it won't print the publisher
text? Odd. Anyway, I did notice that some games have multiple publishers and
so I've made it so the publishers are list rather than a singular item. Let's
see the results, eh?

17:30: HAHAHAHAHA! I forgot to reset the publishers list between each game...
So every game apparently has EVERY publisher, lol. Trying again...

17:56: Okay, so that list thing worked, but the games that had blank
publishers before are still blank? What?

18:43: New approach: I added a variable to check if the publisher has been
found AT ALL and if not, the publisher is set to N/A. This seems to work, but
I think a big ten thousand test should be done to make sure. If it does, I
think I might add two new columns: Steam URL and game_no.

20:09: It works. Only problem is, there are two games with no DEVELOPER now.
DAMNIT! Let's change the code to fix that I guess...
